Add note about possible fiber problems with Ruby 3.3.0 (#432)
temporalio/sdk-ruby: README.md

### Installation

> The Ruby SDK works with Ruby 3.3, 3.4, and 4.0. (Ruby 3.3.11+ is recommended over 3.3.0 due to problems with fibers.)

Reviewer: I did a quick bisect and it looks like we hang up until 3.3.1
```suggestion
The Ruby SDK works with Ruby 3.3, 3.4, and 4.0. (If using Fibers, Ruby 3.3.2+ is recommended due to problems with fibers in previous versions.)
```
